Enhances `spo folder roleassignment` commands with Microsoft Entra groups, Closes #6196 (#6500)
pnp/cli-microsoft365: docs/docs/cmd/spo/folder/folder-roleassignment-add.mdx

: The server- or site-relative decoded URL of the folder.

`--principalId [principalId]`
: The SharePoint principal id. It may be either an user id or group id for which the role assignment will be addd. Specify either `upn`, `groupName`, `principalId`, `entraGroupId` or `entraGroupName` but not multiple.

`--upn [upn]`
: The upn/email of the user. Specify either `upn`, `groupName`, `principalId`, `entraGroupId` or `entraGroupName` but not multiple.

`--groupName [groupName]`

> : The Microsoft Entra or SharePoint group name. Specify either `upn`, `groupName`, `principalId`, `entraGroupId` or `entraGroupName` but not multiple.

Reviewer: We should correct that now it relates to SharePoint Group only so we should dropt the first part and maybe leave it like 
```suggestion
: The SharePoint group name to add. Specify either `upn`, `groupName`, `principalId`, `entraGroupId` or `entraGroupName` but not multiple.
```

m365 spo folder roleassignment add --webUrl "https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/contoso-sales" --folderUrl "/Shared Documents" --upn "test@contoso.onmicrosoft.com" --roleDefinitionName "Edit"
```

Add the role assignment to the specified folder based on the Entra Group Id and role definition id.

```sh

> m365 spo folder roleassignment add --webUrl "https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/contoso-sales" --folderUrl "/Shared Documents/FolderPermission" --entraGroupId '27ae47f1-48f1-46f3-980b-d3c1470e398d' --roleDefinitionId 1073741827 

Reviewer: lets use double quotes to be consistent
```suggestion
m365 spo folder roleassignment add --webUrl "https://contoso.sharepoint.com/sites/contoso-sales" --folderUrl "/Shared Documents/FolderPermission" --entraGroupId "27ae47f1-48f1-46f3-980b-d3c1470e398d" --roleDefinitionId 1073741827 
```
